Mithril update 2025-01-29 (#533)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-01-29-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-01-29-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the incremental certification of the Cardano database. They enhanced the implementation of artifact production and upload, worked on the implementations of the Client library and the WASM client, and kept adapting the explorer. Additionally, they have actively prepared the upcoming transition to the next "Pythagoras" Mithril era which is scheduled to occur in the next weeks.
> 
> Finally, the team optimized the compilation times of TLS dependencies in the nodes, and they started to work on the update of the CI pipelines runners following their deprecation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the incremental certification of the Cardano database. They enhanced the implementation of artifact production and upload, worked on the implementations of the client library and the WASM client, and kept adapting the explorer. Additionally, they have been preparing for the upcoming transition to the next 'Pythagoras' Mithril era, which is scheduled to occur in the following weeks.

Finally, the team optimized the compilation times of TLS dependencies in the nodes and started to work on updating the CI pipeline runners following their deprecation.
```
